Homepage link What we do Entrepreneur Support I’ve an idea Hello Possible Springboard INVENT Co-Founders I’m ready to scale Basecamp Boston Inbound Investors CEOs Connect Way to Scale I want to learn & grow Stryve Catalyst Schools Generation Innovation I need mentor support Role Models Catalyst Link Workspaces Locations Belfast (Titanic Quarter) Derry / Londonderry Belfast (Bedford St) Open Innovation NWCAM2 One Health Collaborate with us Resources News & Events Blog The Catalyst Podcast Research & Insights About Us About Us Meet Our Team Our History Careers Partners with us Board Members Annual Briefing Catalyst Quality Policy INVENT INVENT is an annual competition that celebrates our most exciting innovators and entrepreneurs, giving them an international platform and support to make the greatest impact. Head to the INVENT website for more information More info What is INVENT? INVENT is an annual competition organised by Catalyst with headline partner Bank of Ireland , that celebrates our most exciting innovators and entrepreneurs, giving them an international platform and support to make the greatest impact. Applications are now closed. Please check back to register your interest. Who should apply? Apply for the programme if: You have an innovative solution to a problem. You’re a student completing a course project that you know is the next big thing. You have been working on cutting edge research and now want to commercialise. You have a side project and are ready to take the next step. Now is the time to put your innovation in the spotlight! Why apply? By applying for INVENT, you will: Market validate your idea Unlock a quality network of like-minded peers and mentors Fuel your growth Get support with your pitch Gain high profile exposure and recognition Be in with a chance of winning a share of the £55,000 prize fund Join us at the INVENT Awards 2025 Early bird tickets now available An evening to celebrate the people and ideas shaping the future . The INVENT Awards bring together entrepreneurs, industry leaders, and innovation champions for an evening of bold thinking and big ambition. It’s a chance to hear from tomorrow’s innovators, build new connections, and take a front-row seat to the ideas driving change across our region and beyond . Your INVENT Awards 2025 ticket includes: Finalist Showcase and Drinks Reception The INVENT Awards including category and overall winner announcements Meet the Student Invent 25 cohort A 3 course meal featuring local NI produce accompanied with wine Winning INVENT was a huge deal for Dia Beta Labs in terms of validation and exposure. As a therapeutic development company without the ability to demonstrate with prototypes or divulge commercially sensitive information it can sometimes be difficult to generate buzz around what we are doing. However, INVENT gave us something tangible to show off our success and provided us a platform to increase the profile and visibility of the company which has helped in our engagement with investors and potential customers since the win. Indeed, "Oh, you guys won INVENT!" has become a common icebreaker for many of the people we speak with! Ryan Lafferty, Dia Beta Labs: Overall INVENT 2024 Winner For more information and pricing Visit here Headline Partner 2025 Sponsors Innovation Founders / Impact Award Winners Martina Tierney Impact Award 2022 Brendan Monaghan Innovation Founder 2021 Bloc Blinds ~ SureCert ~ Axial 3D ~ Dr Tara Moore Innovators Awardees 2020 Denis Murphy Innovation Founder 2019 John Rainey MBE Innovation Founder 2018 James Leckey Innovation Founder 2017 Martin Naughton KBE Innovation Founder 2016 Brian Conlon Innovation Founder 2015 Dr William Wright CBE Innovation Founder 2014 Dr Peter FitzGerald CBE Innovation Founder 2013 Tom Eakin Innovation Founder 2012 Dr Hugh Cormican Innovation Founder 2011 Prof John Anderson Innovation Founder 2010 Steering Team Claire Kelly Catalyst Clare Passmore Chair Colin Crangle Bank of Ireland David Brownlee HSCNI Jason Wiggins Queen's University Belfast Neil Buchanan ECIT Lewis Loane Torann Bridgeen Callan Klas PDT Technology Michael Shaw RPS Kat Maguire Queen's University Belfast Emma Donnelly Ulster University Treena Clarke Harbinson Mulholland Jonathan Wallace Ulster University Tina O'Donnell Seagate Stephen Beck EY Judith Maguire Queen's University Belfast Carson McDowell Meet your INVENT Programme Manager Claire Kelly Programme Manager – Co-Founders & INVENT Claire is the Co-Founders Programme manager and leads the recruitment and delivery of the ... read more Close Claire Kelly Programme Manager – Co-Founders & INVENT Claire is the Co-Founders Programme manager and leads the recruitment and delivery of the programme. Prior to joining Catalyst, Claire worked with Make-A-Wish Ireland as the National Volunteer Coordinator. The volunteers played a pivotal role in helping to grant wishes for the wish children. Claire was also responsible for Make-A-Wish Ireland’s national fundraising campaign – Wish Week, which ran across the Republic of Ireland and helped to raise vital funds for the charity. Claire has a passion for working with non-profits and over the past 18 years has worked with other charities such as Mellon Educate, Mater Foundation, and Oxfam. Claire is experienced in event and programme management and volunteer/stakeholder engagement. Sign up to our newsletter Stay up to date with news, events and more. Catalyst © 2025 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions